Clarify that napari should be installed (#4101)
Napari/napari: docs/plugins/first_plugin.md

[installing miniconda][miniconda] and [creating a new environment with
python][python_env].

> Even though your plugin does not need to directly depend on the `napari`
> package, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though plugins don't necessarily need to list `napari` as a direct dependency, and
```

Reviewer: (mostly suggesting the "necessarily", since we later go on to demonstrate a plugin that _does_ need to list napari)

[should not depend on a specific Qt backend](best-practices-no-qt-backend),

> you will need a full installation of napari in your active Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you will need a working installation of napari in your active Python
```

environment to use and test your plugin.
If napari is not already installed and working, consider installing it
with `pip`

```sh
pip install "napari[all]>=0.4.13"
```

where `[all]` means that the default Qt backend will be installed and

> `0.4.13` is the minimum version of napari that supports `npe2`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`0.4.13` is the minimum version of napari that supports `npe2` If you have never installed napari before, you may wish to look at our more detailed [installation guide](link-to-guide).
```

I'm wary of providing such succinct instructions for installation to new users so I'd like to link out to the full guide here.

Reviewer: sounds good.  maybe let's just do that for the whole thing?  That is:

> Even though your plugin does not need to directly depend on the napari package, and [should not depend on a specific Qt backend](https://github.com/napari/napari/blob/e4cb8ccd60d6973a585191e053346dc5aad25bad/docs/plugins/best-practices-no-qt-backend), you will need a full installation of napari in your active Python environment to use and test your plugin.  See the [installation guide]() if this is your first time installing napari.

?

Reviewer 2: Yup, I think that works!

Author: Thanks for the feedback @DragaDoncila. I used the wording from @tlambert03, so I think this is resolved now.
